The next part of this demo is for merging multiple PDF
files into a single PDF document.
To do that, add a method, mergePDFs, and inside,
first, you must load the two PDF files that you are going to merge.
So let's create 2 files, file1 for furniture.pdf and file2 for appliances.pdf.
To perform the merge, we use the PDFMergeUtility class.
So I'll create a new PDFMergeUtility object,
merger, and to it, set the destination file name,
or in other words,
the merged file name by calling the setDestinationFileName method.
Let's save the final document inside src,
main, resources, and name it merged.pdf.
Now, add the two source files to the merger utility object,
merger.addSource(file1) and merger.addSource(file2).
You will need to surround the code in a try‑catch block to handle
any checked exceptions thrown by these methods.
Finally,
call merger.mergeDocuments method, just pass null to
the memUsageSetting parameter.
For this example's sake, we are not worried about respecting memory
usage. But if you are supposed to, you will need to pass in a
memUsageSetting object to this method as an argument.
Now, if you call the mergePDFs method in the main class, as usual, and run it,
you should see a PDF with the name merged created under
resources, and it consists of both the contents of the
furniture.pdf and appliances.pdf files. Great! Now you know how to split and merge PDFs.